docs: align beta migration guide (#2918)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/migration-to-v1beta1-api.md

# Migrate Telemetry Pipelines to v1beta1

The Telemetry module now uses the stable `v1beta1` API for pipeline resources. In some cases, you must update your pipeline manifests to use the new API version.   

## Prerequisites

- You have the Telemetry module in your cluster.

> - One or more of your Telemetry pipelines uses the `v1alpha1` API version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more of your Telemetry pipelines use the `v1alpha1` API version.
```

## Context

> [!NOTE]
> If your pipelines are already running in the cluster and you don't store their manifests, you don't have to take any action. The Telemetry module automatically migrates your existing pipeline resources to `v1beta1`.

> To see what your converted pipeline looks like in `v1beta1`, fetch the resource directly from your cluster:
> ```bash
> kubectl get logpipeline {PIPELINE_NAME} -o yaml
> kubectl get metricpipeline {PIPELINE_NAME} -o yaml
> kubectl get tracepipeline {PIPELINE_NAME} -o yaml
> ```

If you manage your Telemetry pipeline resources declaratively, you must manually adjust them; for example, in the following cases:
- You use GitOps, CI/CD, or tools like Argo CD to deploy your pipelines.

> - You store pipeline manifests in a Git repository that you re-apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You store pipeline manifests in a Git repository that you reapply.
```
